com/mygdx/game/new_test/creatures/Hero.java
 com.mygdx.game.new_test.creatures.Hero
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/group/Group.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.group.Group
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/group/PriorityGroup.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.group.PriorityGroup
com/mygdx/game/new_test/environment/Static.java
 com.mygdx.game.new_test.environment.Static
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/data/Asset.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.data.Asset
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/actor/Actor.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.actor.Actor
com/mygdx/game/tests/test1/Main.java
 com.mygdx.game.tests.test1.Main
com/mygdx/game/new_test/Main.java
 com.mygdx.game.new_test.Main
com/mygdx/game/cur_test/Locations/StickmanWorld.java
 com.mygdx.game.cur_test.Locations.StickmanWorld
com/mygdx/game/ext/additional/CameraController.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.additional.CameraController
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/drawing/view/ExtendCoordinateGrid.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.drawing.view.ExtendCoordinateGrid
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/system/presets/ControlSystem.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.system.presets.ControlSystem
com/mygdx/game/cur_test/Entities/MovingObject.java
 com.mygdx.game.cur_test.Entities.MovingObject
com/mygdx/game/cur_test/Entities/Enemy.java
 com.mygdx.game.cur_test.Entities.Enemy
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/components/presets/animation/AnimationData.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.components.presets.animation.AnimationData
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/system/presets/collisionSystem/CollisionDetector.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.system.presets.collisionSystem.CollisionDetector
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/drawing/view/CoordinateGrid.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.drawing.view.CoordinateGrid
com/mygdx/game/new_test/SpriteManager.java
 com.mygdx.game.new_test.SpriteManager
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/drawing/ApplicationLoop.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.drawing.ApplicationLoop
com/mygdx/game/new_test/environment/Gem.java
 com.mygdx.game.new_test.environment.Gem
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/actor/interfaces/Action.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.actor.interfaces.Action
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.actor.interfaces.Action$Arg1
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.actor.interfaces.Action$Arg2
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.actor.interfaces.Action$Arg3
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.actor.interfaces.Action$Arg4
com/mygdx/game/cur_test/Environment/Grass.java
 com.mygdx.game.cur_test.Environment.Grass
com/mygdx/game/new_test/creatures/Npc.java
 com.mygdx.game.new_test.creatures.Npc
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/system/presets/DrawingSystem.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.system.presets.DrawingSystem
com/mygdx/game/cur_test/Entities/Worker.java
 com.mygdx.game.cur_test.Entities.Worker
com/mygdx/game/new_test/worlds/Darkness.java
 com.mygdx.game.new_test.worlds.Darkness
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/scene/presets/DullScene.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.scene.presets.DullScene
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/scene/Scene.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.scene.Scene
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.scene.Scene$1
com/mygdx/game/cur_test/Environment/Platform.java
 com.mygdx.game.cur_test.Environment.Platform
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/system/presets/collisionSystem/BoundingBox.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.system.presets.collisionSystem.BoundingBox
com/mygdx/game/cur_test/Entities/Hero.java
 com.mygdx.game.cur_test.Entities.Hero
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/drawing/view/Monitor.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.drawing.view.Monitor
com/mygdx/game/ext/additional/SceneData.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.additional.SceneData
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/system/System.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.system.System
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.system.System$Type
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/components/presets/animation/AnimationComponent.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.components.presets.animation.AnimationComponent
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/system/presets/PhysicsSystem.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.system.presets.PhysicsSystem
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/actor/interfaces/Func.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.actor.interfaces.Func
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.actor.interfaces.Func$Arg1
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.actor.interfaces.Func$Arg2
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.actor.interfaces.Func$Arg3
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.actor.interfaces.Func$Arg4
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/components/presets/ActionComponent.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.components.presets.ActionComponent
com/mygdx/game/new_test/environment/Platform.java
 com.mygdx.game.new_test.environment.Platform
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/system/presets/AnimationSystem.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.system.presets.AnimationSystem
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/system/presets/collisionSystem/CollisionManagmentSystem.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.system.presets.collisionSystem.CollisionManagmentSystem
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/components/presets/CollisionComponent.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.components.presets.CollisionComponent
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/actor/presets/DullActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.actor.presets.DullActor
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/components/ComputeableHashMap.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.components.ComputeableHashMap
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/system/presets/behaviour/SimpleBehaviourSystem.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.system.presets.behaviour.SimpleBehaviourSystem
com/mygdx/game/ext/deprecated/ApplicationCycleSecond.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.deprecated.ApplicationCycleSecond
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/system/presets/ActionSystem.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.system.presets.ActionSystem
com/mygdx/game/ext/deprecated/StandartScene.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.deprecated.StandartScene
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/components/presets/DrawingComponent.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.components.presets.DrawingComponent
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/scene/presets/GameScene.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.scene.presets.GameScene
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/components/Component.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.components.Component
com/mygdx/game/cur_test/SpriteManager.java
 com.mygdx.game.cur_test.SpriteManager
com/mygdx/game/cur_test/Environment/EnvironmentObject.java
 com.mygdx.game.cur_test.Environment.EnvironmentObject
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/data/AssetLoadScene.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.data.AssetLoadScene
com/mygdx/game/cur_test/Main.java
 com.mygdx.game.cur_test.Main
com/mygdx/game/new_test/creatures/Moveable.java
 com.mygdx.game.new_test.creatures.Moveable
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/system/presets/collisionSystem/CollisionType.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.system.presets.collisionSystem.CollisionType
com/mygdx/game/new_test/environment/Ground.java
 com.mygdx.game.new_test.environment.Ground
com/mygdx/game/new_test/environment/Wind.java
 com.mygdx.game.new_test.environment.Wind
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/event/presets/PlaySound.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.event.presets.PlaySound
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/event/Event.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.event.Event
com/mygdx/game/new_test/Systems.java
 com.mygdx.game.new_test.Systems
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/components/presets/BasePhysicsComponent.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.components.presets.BasePhysicsComponent
com/mygdx/game/ext/core/data/AssetLoader.java
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.data.AssetLoader
 com.mygdx.game.ext.core.data.AssetLoader$Data
com/mygdx/game/cur_test/Environment/Castle.java
 com.mygdx.game.cur_test.Environment.Castle
